hello I'm Olga risking a lot of my
channel students asking me model
practice what should we start with
and I always challenge start with the
open Street why just the Aqua Street
so you can develop a better right hand
technique and better control of the bow
so also because now you're not focusing
on your left hand and it's leaves you
right hand more control so and also
start only G open stream if you're a
very beginner start playing only
possible maybe for one or two minutes
continues you listen for the sound
listen for the connections or that when
you changes the bow it should be smooth
connection smooth changes if you feel
more comfortable now you can continue
practice horrible but it's only money GG
at first
also be sure that your bow doesn't move
up or down on this tree so it has to be
very very controlled whoa and then when
you comfortable with a bow now you can
play it till it's cheap
I'm not still looking at my hand when I
play when I'm moving down boom I've
reached is very flexible and it's moving
down when I coming back from the teeth
miry syllable is coming up so with my
elbow doesn't go up my shoulder still
the same relaxed position when you don't
rock song g-string move to the g-string
but before you change in a strange place
you go on the g-string be comfortable
and relaxed and then just switch trying
to lift your elbow or shoulder when you
go on to the D strip just the hand and
then practice the same way district and
when you don't suggestion you want if
you would like to move on to the asian
place you go again on the g string be
comfortable and then just switch and
continues play or practice the same way
thank you very much and for the more
tips and exercise and for more news each
in your visit olga revzilla.com